feat(router): update intro, installation, and add linking doc (#23153)
expo/expo: docs/pages/routing/installation.mdx

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo start']} />

- To view your app on a mobile device, we recommend starting with [Expo Go](/get-started/expo-go). As your application grows in complexity and you need more control, you can create a [development build](/develop/development-builds/introduction/).
- Open the project in a web browser by pressing <kbd>w</kbd> in the Terminal UI. Press <kbd>a</kbd> for Android (Android Studio is required), or <kbd>i</kbd> for iOS (macOS with Xcode is required).

</Step>

## Manual installation

Ensure the version of Expo Router is compatible with the Expo SDK version your project is using.

| Expo SDK | Expo Router |
| -------- | ----------- |

> | ^49.0.0  | ^2.0.0      |
> | ^48.0.0  | ^1.0.0      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 49.0.0  | 2.0.0 and above     |
| 48.0.0  | 1.0.0      |
```

I think we can remove the caret and specify in words if we want to say, for example, for SDK 49 its `2.0.0` and above.

### Setup entry point

<Tabs>

> <Tab label="SDK +49">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tab label="SDK 49 and above">
```

>     Use the `expo-router/entry` file in the **package.json**. The initial client file will be [**app/_layout.js**](/router/advanced/root-layout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the `expo-router/entry` file in the **package.json**. The initial client file is [**app/_layout.js**](/router/advanced/root-layout).
```
